Add overview and common use case (WSS Module) (#976)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: wss/1.0.0/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

endif::[]

Support Category: https://www.mulesoft.com/legal/versioning-back-support-policy#anypoint-connectors[Select]

> Anypoint WSS Module enables you to process and validate an inbound SOAP request against a given Web Service Security (WSS) extension configuration to, for example, validate the request's signature, perform an LDAP authentication, or decrypt the inbound message. The WSS module also enables you to add a WSS header to your SOAP responses to sign the response, or to encrypt your outbound message.

Reviewer: We capitalize module names, but without capitalizing "module":

```suggestion
Anypoint WSS module enables you to process and validate an inbound SOAP request against a given Web Service Security (WSS) extension configuration to, for example, validate the request's signature, perform an LDAP authentication, or decrypt the inbound message. The WSS module also enables you to sign your response by adding a WSS header to it, or to encrypt your outbound message.
```

* The WSS Module target resource
* Anypoint Platform
* Anypoint Studio version 7.x or later

> * Web Services Security (WSS) extension for SOAP.

Reviewer: no period
```suggestion
* Web Services Security (WSS) extension for SOAP
```

== Common Use Cases For the Connector

> The WSS module enables you to validate WSS headers in the inbound SOAP requests to your application to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The WSS module enables you to validate WSS headers in inbound SOAP requests to your application to:
```

> * Decrypt a SOAP envelope according to the encryption information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Decrypt a SOAP envelope according to the encryption information
```

> * Verify a signature validity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Validate a signature
```

> * Verify the freshness of the message by `timestamp` information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Verify the freshness of the message using `timestamp` information
```

> * Verify `Username` and `Password` credentials of a `UsernameToken`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Verify the `Username` and `Password` credentials of `UsernameToken`
```

> * Verify `LDAP` credentials of a `UsernameToken`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Verify the `LDAP` credentials of `UsernameToken`
```

Reviewer: It's a subtle thing, but for me, you "verify" something to be as expected, as appropriate, or as true.
I would not use "verify" to discover something negative.
Hmm... so I looked it up:

As verbs the difference between verify and determine
is that verify is to substantiate or prove the **truth** of something while determine is to set the **limits** of.

> * Verify whether a `UsernameToken` has expired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Determine whether `UsernameToken` is expired
```

> * Verify whether a `SAML Assertion` has expired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Determine whether `SAML Assertion` is expired
```

> * Verify the signature of a `SAML Assertion`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Verify the signature of `SAML Assertion`
```

> * Verify a `SAML Assertion` has a specific confirmation method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Verify that `SAML Assertion` has a specific confirmation method
```

> Using the WSS module you can also add WSS headers to your outbound SOAP response to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the WSS module, you can also add WSS headers to your outbound SOAP response to:
```

> * Encrypt the entire SOAP message content or only a part of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Encrypt some or all of your SOAP message content
```

> * Sign your SOAP message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Sign your SOAP message
```

** xref:wss-xml-maven.adoc[XML and Maven Support]
** xref:wss-examples.adoc[Examples], with use case information for the connector

//_TODO Will this be available?
// == Using Exchange Templates and Examples
//
// https://www.mulesoft.com/exchange/[Anypoint Exchange] provides templates
// that you can use as a starting point for your app, as well as examples that illustrate a complete solution.
//
// ////
// List and link to up to 10 Exchange templates and examples.

> // Use the Integration Pattern categories (broadcast, migration, bidirectional sync, aggregation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Use the Integration Pattern categories (broadcast, migration, bidirectional sync, and aggregation).
```
